Oh
he's a little bit excited
he said forget the match please keep
this going for a while
it was all business for most of us
Anthony's car
expect to see
surely the Romans ever sit in Dancing
with the Stars
who's better she's saying
Carolyn on the dance-off Sharapova close
to winning this match
Mikey serving down a set for five that
she goes you want to point for that
speaking of Dancing with the Stars
Martina Navratilova will be Dancing with
the Stars
all right
dances me
hurry up before somebody else gets out
there
of the fourth row
he's a good sport
I know dancing just a brief hug
come on Roy
suppose for after the bear comes hammer
to be some artist a oh I think he's
getting ready
let's see how it was all shoot this wing
is
he gets us in the court be impressed
the slightest organ
he gets after his chip shot
it says it only Sasha we're here and
that needs to boil to play all mixed up
we hope their visit with Rory says he'll
pop up during the Federer onic match
next